nodenv: add page (#4659)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nodenv.md

# nodenv

> A tool to manage NodeJS versions.
> More information: <https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv>.

> - Install a version of NodeJS:

Reviewer: Based on the `node` page we use `Node.js`:
```suggestion
- Install a specific version of Node.js:
```

`nodenv install {{version}}`

- Display a list of available versions:

`nodenv install --list`

> - Use a specific version of NodeJS across the whole system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a specific version of Node.js across the whole system:
```

`nodenv global {{version}}`

> - Use a specific version of NodeJS with a directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a specific version of Node.js with a directory:
```

`nodenv local {{version}}`

> - Show the NodeJS version for the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the Node.js version for the current directory:
```

`nodenv version`

> - Show the location of a NodeJS-installed command, e.g. `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the location of a Node.js installed command (e.g. `npm`):
```
